Improve installation documentation (#236)
rust-lang/rustc_codegen_gcc: Readme.md

(Those patches should work when applied on master, but in case it doesn't work, they are known to work when applied on 079c23cfe079f203d5df83fea8e92a60c7d7e878.)
You can also use my [fork of gcc](https://github.com/antoyo/gcc) which already includes these patches.**

To build it (most of these instructions come from [here](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/jit/internals/index.html), so don't hesitate to take a look there if you encounter an issue):

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/antoyo/gcc
$ cd gcc
$ sudo apt install flex libmpfr-dev libgmp-dev libmpc3 libmpc-dev

> $ ./configure \

Reviewer: I thought GCC needed to be built outside the source tree, so I had the following suggestions:

> It would be useful to show the commands you used to create the directory structure as GCC needs to be built outside the source tree.

But it looks like you didn't need to do so…

   --enable-host-shared \
   --enable-languages=jit \
   --disable-bootstrap \
   --enable-checking=release \
   --prefix=$(pwd)/install \
   --disable-multilib
$ make -j4 # You can replace `4` with another number depending on how many cores you have.
$ cd ..
```

**Put the path to your custom build of libgccjit in the file `gcc_path`.**

```bash
$ dirname $(readlink -f `find . -name libgccjit.so`) > gcc_path
```

> You can set also set RUST_COMPILER_RT_ROOT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to set RUST_COMPILER_RT_ROOT:
```

(Those patches should work when applied on master, but in case it doesn't work, they are known to work when applied on 079c23cfe079f203d5df83fea8e92a60c7d7e878.)
You can also use my [fork of gcc](https://github.com/antoyo/gcc) which already includes these patches.**

To build it (most of these instructions come from [here](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/jit/internals/index.html), so don't hesitate to take a look there if you encounter an issue):

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/antoyo/gcc
$ cd gcc

> $ ./contrib/download_prerequisites

Reviewer: Where does this come from?

Author: It was actually a duplicate with the following `apt install` just below.
